Jaystepher here today with a tutorial on our custom fifth wheel.
I'm going to be showing you how to design the hitch
to put in the back of the truck,
and we're going to be coming off and smooth tiling
the top of the coach
for the roof assembly.
In one of my previous tutorials, showed you how to build this cool little pickup truck,
and I'm slowly modifying the bed for a hitch
four our fifth wheel.
So I removed the two flat tile pieces that were in the back,
and we're going to modify this for an actual hitch.
So, I'm going to come in,
take two of these two of these 1 by 2 tiles,
we're going to put one on each end.
Take two of these 2 by 2s.
now we got a hole ... a nice 2 by 2
open spot here in the middle,
so I'm going to use a 2 by 2 plate.
Any color will be fine, I'm just going to use white.
Place it down in there.
Use a 2 by 2 rounded brick,
place it in the middle there.
Now we need to make an assembly so we can easily attach our
hitch to our thing.
So I'm going to make a .... I'm going to take one of these ...
I'm not sure, one of these Technic pieces.
It's three studs wide,
drop it down in here.
Now I really don't want my hitch to really bump these studs.
I'm just going to take one of these little
spacer things,
drop it down on top
so we have something that our trailer can glide on.
Now I need to put a hitch on my coach.
I'm just going to use one of these 2 by 2 plates
with the eyelet thing at the end here.
I wan to make it where I can just drop it down,
but I have a nice swivel base here so I can
put it on the back of the truck
for easy maneuvering.
I'm just going to take the fifth wheel,
flip it over and I'm going to place it right here at the end
just enough where this rounded bull-nosed part sticks out.
Make sure my kickstands here at the bottom are lifted up.
I'm just simply going to drop it down.
As you can see,
you got a nice gap underneath the bottom
and it rolls.
I can turn the truck.
There you have it,
there's the hitch for our fifth wheel.
Okay we're looking at the top of our fifth wheel here, and I want to come in and smooth tile all this.
So it's easier to snap a roof on.
I'm going to start right here above our entertainment cabinet.
I'm just going to use a 2 by 2 smooth tile,
place it right here,
and a 1 by 2.
I'm just simply going to come in, take a 1 by 8.
place it here.
Simply just start coming around.
Take a 1 by 2.
A 1 by 4.
Take another 1 by 2. Kind of finish this end off here.
Put a 1 by 8.
A 1 by 2 here.
Just got above the bedroom all done.
Let's continue with the living area.
Start just placing these big 1 by 8s on here.
I'm going to put a  1 by 4,
and a 1 by 2.
Now, this is where my fridge thing is sitting at, and it's not quite sturdy there.
Just going to take a 2 by 2 flat,
place it in here.
Place a 1 by 4 here.
It kind of locks everything in place.
I'm just going to come in
Take a 1 by 6 here.
Put another 2 by 2 tile here.
Now we're starting to fill all that in.
Take a 1 by 8, we'll place it here at the rear where our bathroom's at.
Place a 1 by 4 tile there.
Another 1 by 4 here.
A 1 by 2,
and a 1 by 1.
There you have it,
the top's all nicely smooth and leveled off.
We can easily come in
put our top on there.
In the final tutorial,
I'm going show you how to build the roof for this.
I'm going to put a skylight in the bathroom,
and a couple of air conditioner units,
and put the ladder on the back.
Thank you for watching!